In this lecture, we are going to restore a database and the site content files, there are no configuration
files to concern yourself with in this lecture, the 12 steps to configure a site using Ingenix.
We need to concern ourselves with step five.
With step five, we need to restore the database and the site content from our backup files.
You would complete steps one to four, step five, and then carry on from six to 12.
What's important, the database dump file, as well as the backup file located in your home directory.
You don't want to start copying it to other directories and end up having permission problems and listing
of my home directory displays the L dot GZ file as well as the top dot GZ file, my database backup
and MassArt content backup to restore the database, create a new database, create a user, give that
user privileges on the database that you have created.
It's most important that you make a note of the database name, the database user and the password.
We will use the database name with the Restall command, the database name, user and password we need
for the WP config file.
Please note when you create a database backup, it's the greater than sign.
When you restore the database back up, we will use that less than sign.
If your database dumb file is an excuse, I'll file sudo MySQL.
I find you root to log in to Maria DB, the name of the database lists and sign followed by the name
of the HQ Alpha.
What will happen is the contents of the file will be dumped into the database name that you have provided.
Do not use the wrong database name.
If Yuji's about the issue, I'll file G.
Unzip this then sign followed by the GZ backup file name Peiping Simbel Sudo my Eskil I find you route
followed by the database name.
Do not use the wrong database name.
These commands are straightforward.
Only problems you have with these commands are getting mixed up with the database names and the backup
file names.
Make a note as you go along.
I'm currently in a va w w w w pecola dot com public html directory listing displays.
All my WordPress files sudo are in our M is used to delete if'n or include all directories as Strix
means everything.
I've erased my entire WordPress site.
I've changed back to my home directory.
I've copied my two backup files to my home directory, Ezekial Dot GZ, my database backup tor dot GZ,
my site content backup.
I've created a new database as well as a user.
I've given that user a password as well as privileges on the database.
Answer this then signed the name of the HQ.
I'll file Peiping Simbel Sudo MySQL.
I find you it followed by the database name that I want to dump the contents of the HQ I'll fall into.
So we have just dumped the contents of Eskil file into the database we created.